templates: add item for checking if overrides have graduated. (#124)
coreos/fedora-coreos-streams: ISSUE_TEMPLATE/next.md

NOTE: In the future, most of these steps will be automated.

## Housekeeping 

> - [ ] If one doesn't already exist, create an issue for the next release in this stream. Open an issue in this repo with the approximate date in the title of the next release in this stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If one doesn't already exist, open an issue in this repo for the next release in this stream. Use the approximate date of the release in the title.
```

Author: done
